as night fell so did i straight onto the
hotel bed
everyone else seemed to be taking a
breather as well so I thought I'd just
have a quiet evening on my own and maybe
later check out the really flesh end of
town
and took one look at I beat the tag and
decided it was for me there's so many
characters I'm doing my best at you know
try and slow in tries the word actually
remember succeeding and not I don't know
but still
in fact I didn't fit in too well but a
full of persevere this time it was a
real posers paradise I mean it was even
called s paradise Oh
fans room for men this year I say
hell of a lot of beautiful people here I
see somehow I just can't see me pulling
let's do answer mine from the hotel over
there but now I'm in asking is that
gods are falling on my head they keep
falling now this flight wasn't dead on
arrival he must have been a rough night
just like I did
Oh in this poor old foe she fell off her
donkey it must have been Erik oh and
that's what I'd be like if I ever got
into the Sun some fell out while others
were falling in but wide all the others
been up so I've been dancing drinking
sleeping dancing drinking sleeping
eating I can't remember that much let's
face it you know aim for Allah my life
is what you've yet